README for EH scripts

* Introduction

Here you can find some userscripts that I use when browsing the EH websites.
The vast majority of the scripts are my own work, yet where code was copied
from another script this is acknowledged in the script text.

All code is licensed under GNU GPL version 3 or later.  Therefore, every piece
of copied code come from scripts that are distributed under a GPL compatible
license.  See the end of this file and the COPYING file for copying conditions.

* Using a userscript

To run the userscripts found here you will need a mozilla browser (e.g.
IceCat/IceWeasel, that can be found here: http://www.gnu.org/software/icecat/)
with the greasemonkey add-on (http://www.greasespot.net/).  The scripts run
smoothly on Mozilla Firefox (http://www.mozilla.org/firefox) and greasemonkey
as well.

Look in the documentation of the greasemonkey project on how you can install
the scripts: http://wiki.greasespot.net/Greasemonkey_Manual:Installing_Scripts

The scripts often run on Google Chrome with the greasemetal add-on or natively
in recent versions of Google Chrome.  Yet, Google Chrome is not Free Software
and it also invades your privacy.  Therefore, you shall refrain from using
Google Chrome.

The scripts will likely break Microsoft's Internet Explorer.

* Documentation

This repository holds scripts for many purposes, therefore you shall look into
the README file in the same directory as the script for information about the
it.  On the other hand, the majority of scripts serve a single purpose and the
description of the script itself (under the @description tag) is all that's
needed to understand what the script performs.

* Copying

Copyright (C) 2013 Aquamarine Penguin

This file is part of EH scripts repository.

All scripts in this repository are free software; you can redistribute and/or
modify all or some of the scripts under the terms of the GNU General Public
License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

The scripts in this repository are distributed in the hope that they will be
useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

The COPYING file contains a copy of the GNU General Public License.  If you
cannot find this file, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

